A Prayer to the Precious Guru from Uḍḍiyāna That Spontaneously Fulfils All Wishes
revealed by Jigme Nüden Dorje

emaho
Emaho!
dakpé shying chok lhonub palri na
On the Glorious Mountain in the southwest, the supreme pure realm,
gyalwa kündü guru pema jung
You are Guru Padmākara, embodiment of all the Victors.
danta dü ngen nyikmé kyendro la
Please heed my prayers and look kindly on the beings
tukjé zik né dak la gong su sol
Of this degenerate age, this darkest of times!

chitsuk nyida pemé den tengdu
Upon the sun, moon, and lotus seat at my crown
tsawé lama orgyen rinpoche
You are my root teacher, Precious Guru of Uḍḍiyāna,
kagyü lama nam kyi khor gyi kor
Surrounded by the masters of the oral lineages.
solwa deb so lé ngen dakpar dzö
To you I pray: purify my evil karma!
sampa lhün gyi drubpar jingyi lob
Grant your blessing, so all my wishes be spontaneously fulfilled!

sharchok ta na dukpé podrang né
In the eastern palace of Beautiful to Behold,
sangye men la orgyen rinpoche
You are the Medicine Buddha, Precious Guru of Uḍḍiyāna,
men la ché gyé rigdzin khor gyi kor
Surrounded by the Eight Lordly Physicians with their retinues of vidyādharas.
solwa deb so né rik shyiwar dzö
To you I pray: pacify every type of illness!
sampa lhün gyi drubpar jingyi lob
Grant your blessing, so all my wishes be spontaneously fulfilled!

yeshe mé ru barwé podrang né
In the palace of Wisdom Fire Ablaze,
chemchok heru orgyen rinpoche
You are the Most Supreme Heruka, Precious Guru of Uḍḍiyāna,
yidam trowo tromö khor gyi kor
Surrounded by fierce male and female deities.
solwa deb so ngödrub tsal tu sol
To you I pray: bestow the siddhis!
sampa lhün gyi drubpar jingyi lob
Grant your blessing, so all my wishes be spontaneously fulfilled!

khachö dakpa ö ngé podrang né
In the palace of fivefold light, celestial and pure,
khandrö tsowo orgyen rinpoche
You are the Lord of Ḍākinīs, Precious Guru of Uḍḍiyāna,
yeshe jikten daki khor gyi kor
Surrounded by ḍākinīs of wisdom and the world.
solwa deb so chi nang barché sol
To you I pray: dispel all obstacles, outer and inner!
sampa lhün gyi drubpar jingyi lob
Grant your blessing, so all my wishes be spontaneously fulfilled!

dragek dukpa nolwé tri teng na
On a throne of evil foes and forces suppressed,
chökyong tsowo orgyen rinpoche
You are the Lord of Protectors, Precious Guru of Uḍḍiyāna,
yeshe jikten chökyong khor gyi kor
Surrounded by dharma protectors, wisdom and worldly.
solwa deb so dü kyi yo truk dok
To you I pray: put a halt to the troubles and strife of this age!
sampa lhün gyi drubpar jingyi lob
Grant your blessing, so all my wishes be spontaneously fulfilled!

mingyur rinchen ter gyi podrang né
In the palace of Ever-Precious Treasure,
ngödrub jungné orgyen rinpoche
You are the Fount of Siddhi, Precious Guru of Uḍḍiyāna,
norlha terdak nam kyi khor gyi kor
Surrounded by wealth deities and treasure lords.
solwa deb so ngödrub char tar pob
To you I pray: shower down a rain of siddhis!
sampa lhün gyi drubpar jingyi lob
Grant your blessing, so all my wishes be spontaneously fulfilled!

khawé yul jong bö kyi shyingkham na
In the realm of Tibet, the Land of Snows,
lhasin dam dok orgyen rinpoche
You are the Binder of Demons, Precious Guru of Uḍḍiyāna,
kasung dé gyé shyidak khor gyi kor
Surrounded by eight commanded ones and lords of the earth.
solwa deb so ta yi makpung dok
To you I pray: repel the armies at our borders!
sampa lhün gyi drubpar jingyi lob
Grant your blessing, so all my wishes be spontaneously fulfilled!

dechen pema öbar podrang né
In Great Bliss palace, Blazing Lotus Light,
öpakmé gön orgyen rinpoche
You are Lord Amitābha, Precious Guru of Uḍḍiyāna,
chok chü sangye sé ché khor gyi kor
Surrounded by Buddhas and their heirs throughout space.
solwa deb so pema ö du drong
To you I pray: lead us to the realm of Lotus Light!
sampa lhün gyi drubpar jingyi lob
Grant your blessing, so all my wishes be spontaneously fulfilled!

om ah hung benza guru pema siddhi hung
oṃ āḥ hūṃ vajra guru padma siddhi hūṃ

teng né nyida zakar chotrul dok
Avert the magic of the sun, moon, planets and stars above!
ok né sadak lunyen duktsub dok
Avert malevolent earth guardians, nāgas, and nyen below!
bar né tsen dang mamö nöpa dok
Avert harm from the tsen and mamos in between!
jungwa shyi yi né rik tamché kyi kha tim
Banish all types of illness associated with the four elements!
chok shyi tsam gyé kyi té makpung tamché maraya jo jo dok dok
Avert all armies from every direction of the compass—māraya bhyo bhyo! Avert! Avert!

In the future, all beings, whether ordained or lay,Who persist in this prayer with constancyWill
be freed from debilitating sickness, spirit harm, and untimely death. Obstacles of spirits
and obstructors, with and without form, will be pacified. And in the future, I, Orgyen,
will embrace you with my compassion. Harbor no doubts or hesitations about this, For this
is my, Padma’s, heart advice, and that is for certain!

Samaya. Seal, seal, seal. Rigdzin Jigme Nüden Dorje1 brought this forth from Se'u Oma Lake near
the snow-covered mountain of Tamgyal Doti.

| Translated by Peter Woods and edited by Stefan Mang and Han Kop, 2021.

Version: 1.2-20220130
↑ Jigme Nüden Dorje (1904–1958) is better known as Dzongter Kunzang Nyima, the grandson and
enlightened speech incarnation of Dudjom Lingpa (1835–1904).